alright guys this is battlefield bad
company two demo just got it Oh laughter
I didn't just get it but I had a while
ago but i'm just going to show you the
online modes because i pre-ordered this
game and i will be getting it on jun
2013 20 forth and this is jun 16th or
17th let's give show you an online demo
of it once you reach drink for you get a
special gun and already reached rank for
it's just I'm playing on a different
account now it's my opinion this is just
like call of duty but with vehicles and
I think you can do in this game is
destructive like magazine try to help
you ride in a helicopter my personal
favorite though is these things they're
really fast that's why Oh fastest thing
the game they have no weapon or they
have weapons but I don't have anybody
else riding with me there's only matter
mmm crap that the tank probably move ooh
it's got blown up oh the cool thing
about this game is you can choose where
you want to spawn if you want to spawn
back at your base and the view i spotted
two squads if you sponsor squad you have
a better chance of getting kills or
you'll also have a better chance of
being killed because you're responding
right in the middle of action right now
there are five classes you can have and
then there's certain guns you can have
each class right now I'm in the
specialist class that's the class of the
beste nice because it's got a really
it's got them salads running a gun and
you really can't hear
I killed them by 10 points for me thank
God it's a quite gun because got
silencer and then you also have your
dead grenade smiley face then you have
this tracking gun which is you can shoot
this at stuff and it will track it
forever why not forever but it will
track them until they die there's no our
guy right there Oh stupid sniper on my
team got them good for him but yeah this
game is pretty sweet you can do anything
you if everything is chuckling to show
you that and shoot this tree oh let's
not strong enough weapon but if I get a
tank shoot at the tree destroy the tree
it's pretty fun just going around and
destroying stuff so this is a golden
brush or sound like that's the game mode
selling the game will you have on the
demo and its online of course um but
what you do is you have either attacker
defender you played sir it's if you play
call duty its kind of like searching
destroy but with as many responses well
I'd really attack or you have certain
amount of response but if you're the
defender you can have as many as you
want
oh I thought I was going to get that guy
threw a grenade at me yeah but this
games pretty sweet I'm good at sniping
to just I use try to use specialist or
something else cuz it's easier that way
like right here the tank watching off i
use my tracking gun oops nevermind got
blown up before I could do it let me get
on one of these tanks like a dog hey I
want to show you how you can just blow
crap up it's pretty awesome you find a
tree shoot at it
now watch let me show you another
feature anything in this game is
instructor I mean literally 99% of this
game you can just run into a no
destroyed now let me write into a
building for a minute things are just
really really slow well there's a tanker
Oh God try to room a visual alright
that's pretty much it it's really good
game I'll have fun unboxing I get it
maybe I feel like it oh this ghost voice
outside in seven again and I'll see you
later